Social Media Analysis:-
Description:
User analysis is the process by which we track how users engage and interact 
With our digital product (software or mobile application) in an attempt to 
Derive business insights for marketing, product & development teams.

These insights are then used by teams across the business to launch a new 
Marketing campaign, decide on features to build an app, track the success of
The app by measuring user engagement and improve the experience
Altogether  while helping the business grow. You are working with the 
Product team of instagram and product manager has asked you to provide
Insights on the questions asked by the management team.

A)Marketing: The marketing team wants to launch some campaigns, and the
Need your help with the following.
1.Rewarding Most Loyal Users:  People who have been using  the platform  for longest time.
Your Task: Find the 5 oldest users of  the Instagram from the database provided
2. Remind Inactive Users to Start Posting: By sending  them promotional emails to post 
Their 1st photo.
Your Task:  Find the users who have never posted single photo on Instagram.
3. Declaring  Contest  Winner:  The team started a contest and the user who gets the most 
Likes on a single photo will win the contest now they wish to declare the winner.
Your Task: Identify the winner of the contest and provide their details to the team.
4.Hashtag Researching:   A partner brand wants to know, which hashtags to use in the post 
To reach the most people on the platform.
Your Task:  Identify and suggest the top 5 most commonly used hashtags  on the platform.
5. Launch AD Campaign: The team wants to know, which day would be the best day to 
Launch  ADs
Your Task: What day of the week do most users register on? Insights on when to schedule an
 AD Campaign.

B) Investor Metrics:  Our investors want to know if Instagram is performing well and is not becoming redundant 
Like Facebook, they want to assess the app on the following grounds.
1.User Engagement: Are users still as active and post on instagram or they are
 making fewer posts.
Your Task: Provide how many times does average user posts on instagram.
 Also, provide the total number of photos on instagram / total number of 
users.
2. Bots & Fake Accounts:  The investors wants to know if the platform is 
crowded with fake and dummy accounts.
You Task: Provide data on users (bots) who have liked every single photo on 
the site (since any normal user would not be able to do this).
